[New Resources:] `azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_route`, `azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain` and `azurerm_cdn_route_disable_link_to_default_domain` (#18231)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain.html.markdown

---
subcategory: "CDN"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_profile_custom_domain"
description: |-
  Manages a Frontdoor Custom Domain.
---

# azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_profile_custom_domain

Manages a Frontdoor Custom Domain.

> !>**IMPORTANT:** To delete a Custom Domain you must first disassociate the Custom Domain from the Frontdoor Route by removing the Custom Domains Resource ID from the Frontdoor Routes `cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_ids` field. Once the Frontdoor Route has been updated, and the change to the Route has been provisioned to Azure, you may then remove the Custom Domain from your configuration file.

Reviewer: in which case perhaps we need a "cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_association` resource?

Author: Fixed.

  name     = "example-cdn-frontdoor"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_dns_zone" "example" {
  name                = "afdx-terraform.azfdtest.xyz "
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.test.name
}

resource "azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_profile" "example" {
  name                = "example-profile"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
}

resource "azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain" "example" {
  name                     = "example-customDomain"
  cdn_frontdoor_profile_id = azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_profile.example.id
  dns_zone_id              = azurerm_dns_zone.example.id
  host_name                = "contoso.com"

  tls {
    certificate_type    = "ManagedCertificate"
    minimum_tls_version = "TLS12"
  }
}
```
## Example DNS Auth TXT Record Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_dns_txt_record" "example" {
  name                = join(".", ["_dnsauth", "contoso"])
  zone_name           = azurerm_dns_zone.example.name
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  ttl                 = 3600

  record {
    value = azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain.example.validation_token
  }
}
```

## Example CNAME Record Usage

> !>**IMPORTANT:** You **must** include the `depends_on` meta-argument which references both the `azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_route` and the `azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_security_policy` that are associated with your Custom Domain.

Reviewer: .. why? If we're missing a lock we should add that, if it's for ordering we should explain that here

Author: It is for ordering, you cannot write the DNS CNAME record until all of the resources are "associated" in FrontDoor which is the reason for the `depends_on` args. Fixed.

```hcl
resource "azurerm_dns_cname_record" "example" {
  depends_on = [azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_route.example, azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_security_policy.example]

  name                = "contoso"
  zone_name           = azurerm_dns_zone.example.name
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  ttl                 = 3600
  record              = azurerm_cdn_frontdoor_endpoint.example.host_name
}
```

## Arguments Reference

* `name` - (Required) The name which should be used for this Frontdoor Custom Domain. Possible values must be between 2 and 260 characters in length, must begin with a letter or number, end with a letter or number and contain only letters, numbers and hyphens. Changing this forces a new Frontdoor Custom Domain to be created.

* `cdn_frontdoor_profile_id` - (Required) The ID of the Frontdoor Profile. Changing this forces a new Frontdoor Profile to be created.

* `host_name` - (Required) The host name of the domain. Changing this forces a new Frontdoor Custom Domain to be created.

> * `dns_zone_id` - (Optional) The Resource ID of the DNS Zone that is to be used for the Frontdoor Custom Domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `dns_zone_id` - (Optional) The ID of the DNS Zone which should be used for this FrontDoor Custom Domain.
```

Author: Fixed.

> * `pre_validated_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the pre-validated Frontdoor Custom Domain. This domain type is used when you wish to onboard a validated Azure service domain, and then configure the Azure service behind an Azure Front Door.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `pre_validated_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_id` - (Optional) The ID of the pre-validated CDN FrontDoor Custom Domain. This domain type is used when you wish to onboard a validated Azure service domain, and then configure the Azure service behind an Azure Front Door.
```

Author: This feature is being put temporarily on hold... I will skip this for not... 🙂

->**NOTE:** Currently `pre_validated_cdn_frontdoor_custom_domain_id` only supports domains validated by Static Web App.

* `tls` - (Required) A `tls` block as defined below.

---

A `tls` block supports the following:

* `certificate_type` - (Optional) Defines the source of the SSL certificate. Possible values include `CustomerCertificate` and `ManagedCertificate`. Defaults to `ManagedCertificate`.

->**NOTE:** It may take upto 15 minutes for the Frontdoor Service to validate the state and Domain ownership of the Custom Domain.

* `minimum_tls_version` - (Optional) TLS protocol version that will be used for Https. Possible values include `TLS10` and `TLS12`. Defaults to `TLS12`.

* `cdn_frontdoor_secret_id` - (Optional) Resource ID of the Frontdoor Secrect.

---

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Frontdoor Custom Domain.

> * `domain_validation_state` - Provisioning substate shows the progress of custom HTTPS enabling/disabling process.

Reviewer: (as above) since this isn't something that's really usable, can we remove this?

```suggestion
```

Author: Since the field has been removed from the resource I have also removed it from the documentation. Fixed.
